leagues games: 
black is 0   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 30 | White points => 34 || winner : False
black is 0   |   white is 2   /   Black points => 36 | White points => 28 || winner : True
black is 0   |   white is 3   /   Black points => 23 | White points => 41 || winner : False
black is 0   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 25 | White points => 37 || winner : False
black is 1   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 12 | White points => 52 || winner : False
black is 1   |   white is 2   /   Black points => 25 | White points => 39 || winner : False
black is 1   |   white is 3   /   Black points => 37 | White points => 27 || winner : True
black is 1   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 10 | White points => 52 || winner : False
black is 2   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 33 | White points => 31 || winner : True
black is 2   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 38 | White points => 26 || winner : True
black is 2   |   white is 3   /   Black points => 27 | White points => 36 || winner : False
black is 2   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 19 | White points => 45 || winner : False
black is 3   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 19 | White points => 45 || winner : False
black is 3   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 51 | White points => 13 || winner : True
black is 3   |   white is 2   /   Black points => 38 | White points => 26 || winner : True
black is 3   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 39 | White points => 25 || winner : True
black is 4   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 40 | White points => 24 || winner : True
black is 4   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 11 | White points => 53 || winner : False
black is 4   |   white is 2   /   Black points => 9 | White points => 55 || winner : False
black is 4   |   white is 3   /   Black points => 17 | White points => 47 || winner : False
leagues games: 
black is 0   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 28 | White points => 36 || winner : False
black is 0   |   white is 2   /   Black points => 17 | White points => 0 || winner : True
black is 0   |   white is 3   /   Black points => 19 | White points => 0 || winner : True
black is 0   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 28 | White points => 36 || winner : False
black is 1   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 34 | White points => 30 || winner : True
black is 1   |   white is 2   /   Black points => 19 | White points => 45 || winner : False
black is 1   |   white is 3   /   Black points => 52 | White points => 12 || winner : True
black is 1   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 32 | White points => 32 || winner : NONE
black is 2   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 28 | White points => 36 || winner : False
black is 2   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 26 | White points => 38 || winner : False
black is 2   |   white is 3   /   Black points => 8 | White points => 56 || winner : False
black is 2   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 40 | White points => 23 || winner : True
black is 3   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 37 | White points => 27 || winner : True
black is 3   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 43 | White points => 20 || winner : True
black is 3   |   white is 2   /   Black points => 53 | White points => 11 || winner : True
black is 3   |   white is 4   /   Black points => 32 | White points => 32 || winner : NONE
black is 4   |   white is 0   /   Black points => 49 | White points => 15 || winner : True
black is 4   |   white is 1   /   Black points => 51 | White points => 13 || winner : True
