turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is NONE
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is NONE
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is True
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
turn is False  |   winner is False
